on television more precisely that
federal district authorities
reported white balance during the
operational safety of this 24 of
December december, however, not
all went clean there were those who
the imprudence of combining alcohol and
the flyer spent the Christmas Eve dinner
with a family let's say temporary see from
what do I speak
this Christmas for some of you
splendor gifts food and drink for
others the poinsettias happened of the excesses
the bitter Christmas of the celebration was reached
to countless detention for exceeding
alcohol levels because not because no
it may have happened to my family not
and beyond the message for people
who has the experience that is better
that has not been caught of breathalyzer
to spend more hours here putting it on
take and was doing other things that same
they did not correspond during the afternoon of
December 24 and the first hours of the
25 the undersecretary of the system
penitentiary of the federal district
reported 65 referrals to the center
administrative penalties better known
like the bull in these celebrations there was
who for the first time visited the
capital and now it takes a sad
I remember and I come to visit
Guadalajara since yesterday I did not arrive nor
I did not even spend 24 with my family
I missed it 15 times because I got to the
get here they grabbed me a sack of
family that was here can you getting
horta that face equality
Well what else do I do, I 'm not like that
besides carrying people who abused
of alcohol in the torito
those who were arrested were also arrested
they carried out beatings in a
market in the market by
and I sell barbecue and the competition was
the barbecue also hit makes you a
client that I pulled it that I have
been there we started the struggles
the neighbors these came to between 4 that
It's the wife
So-and-so is his daughter and his son between
four friends and watch her beat
who spent Christmas in the bull
they had a turkey dinner in a sauce
plum spaghetti apple salad and
punch informed gerardo jiménez go to
our YouTube channel so that
always be informed of the latest
news from mexico and the world starts
right now by clicking on these videos